Got to be aware of the inbounder
here if you're filling
it's off the Leonard defended by Simmons.
Is this the Tiger?
15 fourth quarter points by Koit Leonard
and the game winner?
41 points.
How about the bounce
and look at the fans in Toronto.
They have had a lot of misery
the last few years.
And how about the validation for Toronto?
That's all great.
I was just telling them we
work on that every day.
The driving baseline.
I missed the last one short.
So I just wanted to put it up in the air
and got the shooters bounced.
And you had to work hard for it.
First you got Ben Simmons on you.
You're driving, driving, then Joe LMB.
He's really big.
He came up.
How did you have to time it
to get it over?
Joe LMB
man, just a lot of hard work
just went into my shot.
Like I said,
I just shot it as high as I could again.
And
you see, I got some lock on it and make
the ball bounce off and end up going in.
No, I was disappointed
missing that free thought.
So I really wanted to make that shot.
You played a lot of minutes.
You knew you were going
to play a lot of minutes.
How did you manage yourself throughout
the game to be able to come
up big in the fourth quarter?
I didn't really.
I just try to play hard.
Every possession.
We could have went home.
I wanted to just leave it all out
on the floor just in case you lost.
And.
I would have been proud of myself.
You're not going home.
You're leading this team
to the Eastern Conference finals.
But if you think about your journey last
season, you only played nine games.
You joined a new team with a new
head coach in a new country.
Did you have any doubts?
Yeah.
Last year was a very down year for me,
going through a lot,
but everything that was going on
and God is good.
I prayed every day and
ended up getting healthy.
Now I'm able to play basketball and
you can just see what he does for you.
Absolutely.
And you have Kia.
I got one more question.
You got sicker around.
All right.
You got the buck.
What are your biggest concerns?
I mean, the Bucks are very great team.
I think they were the only
team with 60 wins.
Hopefully this game seven prepared
us for Congratulations to one.
Thanks.